== Bristleback Server version 0.2.1
Welcome,

Bristleback server has got a new homepage http://bristleback.pl.
Several samples and tutorials can be found there.

If you like our project, please star or follow us!

Latest Bristleback version: 0.2.1, version 0.3.0 is under development on separate branch.

Check our wiki pages for tutorials.

0.2.1 is now available in central Maven repository:

    <dependency>
      <groupId>pl.bristleback</groupId>
      <artifactId>bristleServer</artifactId>
      <version>0.2.1</version>
    </dependency>

Few samples are available at https://github.com/bristleback/bristleback-samples

You can also test Bristleback by performing just few steps:

==  1. Use Git to clone archetypes project:

    git clone https://github.com/bristleback/bristleback-archetypes.git

or just download it from

    https://github.com/bristleback/bristleback-archetypes/zipball/master

and unpack.

2. Open your console, go to bristleback-archetypes/webapp-archetype directory and type:

    mvn clean install

3. Go to directory where your new Bristleback Project will be created and type:

    mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeCatalog=local

4. bristle-webapp-archetype should appear in the list, choose the correct number and then enter additional information about the project.

5. Go to newly created project directory and type mvn jetty:run - your first Bristleback Server with Jetty as Server Engine is starting!

6. Open your browser and type localhost:8080

7. Have fun developing!
